CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program? Math Applications / Count Words

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
   For example, the math applications would go calculate the amount of 
money that a person needs to pay monthly to buy a house by a PRICE or 
SAC system or yet some engeneering application, like how to calculate a 
transmission line. Another program option would be the count words.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
   I hope that I can learn a little more about functions, css, functools,
math, pytest, datetime and I would like to use graphical user interface 
(GUI). If possible, I would like to combine the options of possible project 
(1) A program that performs calculations that are useful in your major 
or hobby and (2)A program with a complete graphical user interface (GUI), 
including windows, frames, labels, text fields, and buttons. Use either 
the tkinter or kivy module. The team assignment in the next lesson will 
show you how to write code for a simple GUI.


4. What Python modules will your program use?
I hope that I can use csv, datetime, pytest, functools, math and 
something more that I need.

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
I will separate my python program in to functions, of course, because 
it is a excellent manner to become it more simple and easy to understand 
and the program will be more elegant.

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
   I will write functions to test my program as possible as necessary, 
at least two, in order to verify if it is running correctly.


